I found it! [chuckles]
[gasp]
[gasps]
Who is this? Why's she with my
Dad?
(Sarada) A woman wearing
glasses...
(Naruto) It's Sasuke's hawk!
[gasps] This is...
It looks like I'll need to get
the details from Sasuke myself.
So in that case, I'm gonna take
off and go meet up with him.
[gasps]
I'm leaving a Shadow Clone here
in the village, and then I'll go
there to meet Sasuke personally.
I'm taking you away.
[gasps] What are you gonna do
with me after you kidnap me?!
[grunts]
Cho‐Cho!
Partial Expansion Jutsu!
[screams]
[grunts]
You aren't needed.
[gasps]
[screams]
(Naruto) Don't you think this is
a little much for a kid's fight?
Lord Seventh!
If there's one thing I know,
it's that the kids in my village
are generally well‐behaved.
(Naruto) Sharingan.
In just a little while, I
finally get to meet him! Dad!
[crying]
[heavy breathing]
[gasps]
[gasps] Dad!
I'm very impressed that you
found me.
Are you one of them?
[gasps]
(Sakura) Sarada went after
Naruto?!
Yes, at least according
to Shikamaru.
Where is he? Do you know
where she was headed?
Wait, who said you could get out
of that bed?
All she wants to do is ask
Sasuke a few questions.
She came across a photo of him
when he was with his old
partners.
[gasps]
So she's seen that photo. That's
not good.
(Shizune) Can you blame her?
She's old enough now to wonder
about her father.
I always had the feeling that if
Sasuke were around...
Sarada would get involved in his
conflicts as well.
(Sakura) I mean, the Sharingan
can also draw in sadness.
[whimpers]
[gasps]
[whimpers] Dad!
Is that you? Sarada?
My daughter?
[whimpering] Mm‐hm.
I see.
When I saw you I knew
immediately that you were my
dad.
Oh hey, there you are.
Sarada, why did you run
off so fast like that?
Oh!
(Cho‐Cho) He's so handsome!
Sorry Sasuke, I'm
a little bit late.
Naruto, what exactly is going
on?
Why did you bring children with
you? Oh!
Um, this feels right, but I
think his touch was just a
little firmer than this.
What is she talking about?
I came here...!
Huh?
I came here to
see you, Dad!
[inhales]
I found out Lord Seventh
was meeting with you, so I
followed him here.
There's something I really
wanted to ask you.
Well what is it then?
Okay, well, um...
[inhales] I want to know, is Mom
my real Mom?
Oh. So Sarada's had the
Sharingan for a long time then?
Emotional trauma is a trigger
for the awakening of the
Sharingan.
I would say that, perhaps
without knowing it...
Sasuke's absence over the years,
has affected her deeply and much
more...
than any one of us could
have ever realized.
Judging by your reaction she
probably never asked you about
the others in the photo either?
Sarada is a very honest child.
Is she ever found out Sasuke was
an enemy of the Hidden Leaf
Village at one time...
Of course but now he's traveling
around the world for the sake of
protecting the village.
Even if you kept it secret,
she'd find out eventually.
Just like she's finding
out now about her birth.
So maybe it's time for you to
have a little more faith in
Sarada, huh?
I'm a failure as a mother.
Aren't I?
Answer me now!
Is she my real mom or not?
Did something happen?
[grunts]
You have never been around my
whole life! Why won't you ever
stay and live with Mom?
(Sarada) Do you even care that
you've forgotten what your own
daughter looks like?
And who is this woman standing
next to you wearing the same
kind of glasses as me?!
Do you really think this is
something any daughter could
ever ask her mother about?
Hang on, I know that photo.
Situations like this make me
really uncomfortable.
Mom won't tell me anything and
you're never around! I can't
trust either one of you!
My entire life is a big mess!
[heavy breathing]
So Dad, what exactly is it
you've been doing this whole
time?
What I do, has nothing to do
with you.
[gasps]
[trying not to cry]
Forget it!
Hey, wait!
You are a super insensitive
person!
I was thinking for a moment
there that you actually might be
my dad, but that's impossible!
[running efforts]
Don't you think it's about time
you told Sarada what really
happened?
Come on, at least tell her why
you can't return to the village.
Are you leaving already?
I'll be sure and send word
if I find anything.
It wouldn't hurt to stop by your
house before you leave, would
it?
The threat of someone like
Kaguya, whose existence nearly
destroyed the world...
could arise again if we don't
remain diligent enough.
We cannot afford to ignore any
traces of it.
The peace we have now was
secured through huge sacrifices.
Truth is, this is also a journey
of atonement for me.
There's no need for that. Nobody
has any bitterness toward you
anymore.
Hmm.
Come on, Sasuke, together we
can...
You protect the village
as the Hokage.
I'm the only one with the
Rinnegan. I can search for
traces of Kaguya.
I suggest that you do what
you're meant to do, and I'll do
the things that I'm meant to do.
Isn't this the collaboration
that you always dreamed of?
Listen I want you to treat my
whereabouts as classified
information...
that only the top
brass know about.
But not knowing anything
hurts, you know.
You should tell Sarada. Don't
you think she deserves to know?
Knowing will create unnecessary
anxiety for her.
That's true but she may
resent you some day.
Even so, at least her future
will be bright. Am I wrong?
She has Sakura. She
will always be there.
They'll be just fine.
What am I gonna do now? I'm not
good at dealing with these
situations.
[chewing]
Oh? [sighs]
Okay, after I eat this, I'm
gonna go over there and try
talking to her. Hmm?
Sarada, there's one thing
that I know for certain.
Just trust me on this one. Your
father is the finest shinobi
around.
[sighs]
Sakura, after this test, the
next one we'll have to do
is...huh?
Where'd she go?
[inhales]
For the purpose of finally
achieving our goals, let us now
begin.
We will revive the Akatsuki.
Yes!
[gasping]
[sighs]
Take this.
What is it?
It's consomme© flavor.
You can have it. You should use
it to make up with Sarada.
Wait! Just stop, Sarada!
Please let me go!
If no one is going to have the
courage to tell me the truth...
Then I'll go find that woman
with the glasses myself and I'll
ask her straight to her face!
Try talking to Sasuke one more
time!
Let's go, Shin!
Yes, of course, Father.
[grunt]
[scared breathing]
He's all yours, Sasuke.
Dad, no!
[grunts]
Heh!
Hmph!
[gasps]
Fire Style: Fireball Jutsu!
Is that his Visual Prowess?
[grunts]
Dad's amazing! He's incredible!
Actually, this is nothing. He's
even more skilled than this.
I hope my real dad is like him.
The type of guy with piercing
eyes who always has a way of
making the ladies swoon. [sighs]
I see, Sasuke Uchiha.
Your technique is something that
I need, so I can finally revive
the Akatsuki.
Akatsuki? Just who in the hell
are you?
Hah. I go by the name...Shin
Uchiha.
Shin Uchiha? That's the same
as...
[gasps]
Those red eyes. Who are you?
Tell us!
I'm Shin Uchiha.
[gasps]
He's the boy who attacked us!
You can speak the truth freely
after we've captured you. Till
then, shut up.
Who told you that you could rest
boy? Get up now!
Yes. Okay, Father.
So they're actually father and
son? Then that means he's using
his own son as his shield!
Naruto, take care of Sarada.
Sure. As long as she's in here
those two can't touch her.
Be careful. Keep
your guard up.
Heh!
Hmm?
Huh?
[gasps]
[groaning]
What the hell just happened?
This is my Visual Prowess.
What do you think? I'd say it's
just as powerful as yours.
[grunting]
Lord Seventh, no!
You don't need to worry, Sarada.
I'm okay.
That guy can control other
people's weapons with his power.
That moment he attacked...
He must have marked my sword!
Huh?
[grunts]
[groans]
[gasps] Dad, no!
Unfortunately, peace keeps
humans from evolving.
(Shin) Just like it has with the
two of you.
[grunting]
These things are making it hard
to move.
Without evolution, all creatures
shall eventually perish.
(Shin) So I'll be taking your
Sharingan, right now!
Chaaa! Damn you to hell!
[grunts]
It's Mom?!
[gasps]
Just what the hell do you think
you're doing to my husband and
my precious daughter?
So, who the hell
are these guys?
We were just about
to figure that out.
But what are you doing
all the way out here?
Hey I'm still here
too, you know?
What in the heck.
(Sarada) Who are these people?
Are you going to be okay,
Naruto?
Yeah. [grunts]
I'll heal soon enough.
Huh? For real?!
So much fuss over something like
this?
Your battle senses have really
dulled! It's rather sad.
Come on, give me a break!
Well, this whole thing is over
now.
Uh. [sighs]
[sighs]
Thank goodness, you're okay.
Huh?
I'm sorry. I thought I'd made
things clear to Sarada, but I
guess I didn't.
No. It's actually my fault. You
don't need to apologize to me.
I know, I have been...
Sarada!
Huh?
(Eyeball Clone) I'm taking you
along as well!
What's going on?
Sarada!
[grunts]
Transportation technique?
Mom no!
[grunting]
Mom, come back!
Huh?
[groans]
It looks like I'm right in the
heart of enemy territory.
(Shin) What is that we call
death?
It's merely the expiration of
the corporeal vessel that is
completely disposable.
(Sakura) You're wrong!
You're sorely mistaken if you
think that the body only serves
as a disposable vessel!
The body is where one's feelings
and one's will reside!
(Sasuke) Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations:
Connected Feelings.
(Sakura) It's like you don't
understand at all what should be
important as a parent!